♫ Your smile is so sweet with those crooked eyes ♫
♫ The way you run towards me is especially beautiful ♫
♫ Your smile is not that simple with those crooked
corners of your mouth ♫
♫ Why do you always appear when I make a fool of myself? ♫
♫ All the summer seasons are not as romantic as meeting you ♫
♫ Am I giving you romance or warmth? ♫
♫ All the time in the world cannot compare to my
feelings for you ♫
♫ Because it is you, I will believe in eternity ♫
♫ You are the courage I will protect as if my life depends on it ♫
♫ With you protecting by my side, I have a sense of security ♫
♫ I especially love everything you give me ♫
♫ The two of us together is a small sweet satisfaction ♫
[The Love Equations]
[Previous Episode]
In the future, if you're still single and I'm single, then let's be together.
I think I've heard this before.
How about I treat you to a meal as a thank you?
- Sure.
- I'll come, too.
I know you didn't mean it. I didn't put it to heart. Don't worry about it.
What if I do care about it?
[Episode 8]
[Hello, Co-Worker]
Women's Singles Group One: Zhu Lu.
Women's Singles Group Two: Ke Dongni.
Men's Singles Group One: Chen Yu. Men's Singles Group Two: Liu Shuchuan.
Mixed Doubles Group One: Sun Chen and Zhang Yaowen.
Good luck in the tournament, everyone.
Don't forget to be careful and not injure yourself during practice. Got it?
- Got it.
- What's happening? Big meeting?
- Hello.
- Hello, Coach.
Hello.
Why are you here? Did you change your mind about participating?
I already told you I'm not interested in the tournament.
I'm just here to observe and show some love.
Since you're here, please help and coach these members.
Sure. Then...
Women's Singles,
leave them to me to coach.
Do you guys agree? Do you want to train with me?
Yes!
Let's let Zhu Lu go first.
Bring it on, Coach.
Then the rest of the members go practice.
Good luck on the interschool tournament.
Good luck!
Good pass.
Good pass. Hit it towards the back.
What is it?
Fanzhou, I have a favor to ask you.
Can you be our team doctor for the inter-school badminton tournament?
You should find someone from the medical department.
Why look for a medical student? Isn't what we're learning similar to them?
Also, you get the special scholarship every year. I'd rather have you instead.
I'm not interested.
I'm hanging up.
Hey—
Fanzhou!
- Are you working here today?
- Yeah.
I'm here for an interview. My senior recommended me.
I knew you worked here, so I wanted to surprise you.
How was the interview?
The teachers all really liked me.
Do you guys know where the interview office is?
This room.
Thanks.
Fanzhou?
The interview results will be sent through text tomorrow.
You should go back and wait for the news.
Why is Zhou Xiao here?
I recommended her.
Why didn't you recommend me?
Because I like her.
So it's like that. Then I'll go back and wait for the news.
Why didn't you recommend me?
Because I like her.
It's fine. I didn't lose.
As long as I stay by his side,
there will be a day when he remembers my good qualities.
Good pass. Let's do a close one.
Good. One more. Good.
One more.
Good pass. Let's do a close one.
Let's end it here. You've controlled most of the moves already.
But I can't get the backhand hit correctly.
There's still time tomorrow. I'll teach you again.
Just teach me today. I have a whole day to consolidate tomorrow.
Okay.
Then let me demonstrate for you once more.
When you hit with your backhand, you used strength from your shoulder. Here.
Therefore, your whole arm rose.
But the correct way is to use your elbow joint
and direct it outwards.
Here.
Correct. Just like a pendulum clock. Good. Understand?
I know I'm handsome, but stop looking at me. Look at your arm.
When did I look at you? I'm just afraid your spit will get on my face.
You're obviously crazy about me. Here, I'll toss you the birdies.
Here, I'll keep tossing you birdies.
Good. Continue.
Good pass.
Again.
Let's continue.
Watch your wrist.
Good. Again.
Let's go from the bottom up. Come on.
Very good. Keep going.
Your backhand is pretty much fine now.
But it just doesn't have much force.
When we were younger and practiced backhand,
we used these water bottles and did the figure-eight motion. Like this.
Figure-eight motion?
Yes.
Stop turning. If you practice too much, haste brings no success.
I just don't understand
how a pretty girl like you can still work so hard and endure hardship.
I also didn't expect you to be so professional on the badminton field.
I'm quite curious
as to why you're not participating in this interschool tournament?
At first, I thought you despised this tournament's standards.
But then I heard you were afraid to lose against Southern Sports University's Li Xiaofeng.
But I don't think you're that type of person.
Li Xiaofeng, he's indeed someone in my badminton career
who I don't ever want to lose to.
Why?
Li Xiaofeng and I grew up training on our badminton team.
Later, we both worked hard to get into the city team. Our skills were always on par with each other.
We were always good friends and also doubles partners.
Later on, the province team came to the city team to pick members. Team doubles.
He didn't tell me and teamed up with the person who's better than me.
What could I have done? I had to find someone last-minute.
In the end, he got in the province team and I didn't.
Don't look at me like that. I'm in the province team now, too.
Also, I beat him at the last National Badminton Championship.
What about this time?
After winning against him last time, my shoulder injury had a relapse.
Playing against him now, I probably wouldn't win.
If I really lose, I don't know how long I'd be trashed by him.
So the moral of the story is...
don't be partners with someone so easily.
Enough. I'm done resting; let's continue.
Again?
Let's go.
Last class, among those who turned in their Han Poem,
let me comment on some of them.
This, Luo Wei's
parallel poem and nostalgic poem.
It has a smooth writing style, natural rhyme, and is harmonious. I gave it ninety-five points.
With this level of yours, it's almost as good as the essays I wrote when I was eighteen.
Not bad.
This one I have to emphasize and read it aloud.
Zhou Xiao. The sao-style poem is a short poem.
"The sun is slanted, the clouds red. The spring wind is reluctant to softly pull at my clothes."
This sentence gave the spring wind a reluctance to let go, like humans.
It described liveliness. But I have a question.
This short poem only had eleven characters.
Isn't it a little too short?
Among the three hundred Tang poems, the minimum amount was twenty characters. What happened to you?
Are you trying to challenge the Guinness record for Han poetry or are you trying to challenge your professor's bottom line?
Neither.
Lower your hands.
You look a little fat recently. Lower your hands.
You don't need to disregard your safety when you eat. Don't choke.
Write it again.
This, Liu Mingming, scattered poem.
It has exaggerating rhetoric, mediocre narrative, and a bit too long.
Long to the extent that there are two pages
where it's practically identical.
- Did you use it as a stopgap?
[From Southern University Campus Library]
- If you want a stopgap...
[Student Zhou Xiao, congratulations on passing your interview. You got the position at the library. Please report to the library at the start of your shift.]
...you can go distribute it with Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao.
Did you all finish writing?
Even though the bell rang, I have a few more things to say.
What's the most important element of Han poetry? It's the rhythm.
Most importantly, why did the ancients in Han poetry
grasp the rhythm in this exact way?
You guys need to carefully research, repeatedly look over, and learn
this essence.
Thank you, Professor, I'm leaving.
Zhou Xiao.
Why are you here?
I'm helping the new co-workers familiarize with the new environment. Let's go.
The library is so people-oriented. They even set up people to help new employees.
Yeah.
There's enough time.
This is the communication and transportation section.
This section has mostly major-related books.
This is the digital reading area.
This is the fiction section.
Military fiction novels.
Science fiction novels. Where are the detective novels?
The detective novels are up ahead.
I feel like every area looks the same.
Let's just stop here.
You have something to do?
I haven't eaten yet.
Also, I have to watch my roommate's badminton tournament in the afternoon.
- Let's go.
- Where?
Let's go and eat. I'm also going to the badminton court.
Why are you going?
The badminton club's president wanted me to be their team doctor last-minute.
Okay then.
Why are there no new comments?
Comments?
The reader's comments. Let me tell you.
- The advice you gave me last time helped me a lot.
-  I'll go be your team doctor in a bit.
After I edited it, I immediately got on the website's recommended list.
Readers and comments increased a lot. Thank you.
No problem.
Oh right! There was one person who wrote a long comment. But he said something about
although the main character is so amazing, if he wanted to save lives, why didn't he become a doctor?
I think forensics is unique and a good topic of conversation.
Then, how did you reply?
I said, "Come, come!  You write it."
Then you might lose a reader.
It's okay. I have lots of readers. I still have fifty.
Let's stop talking and eat. The game is going to begin.
The Fifth Interschool Badminton League
Women's Singles is beginning.
- A beautiful serve from Southern University's Zhu Lu.
- Southern Sports University's Dai Feiyu is by no means inferior.
They're both fierce with power. Good pass.
- Why isn't Zhou Xiao here yet?
-  Zhu Lu's backhand is skilled. Her body's capability...
- She's here.
- ...is better than Dai Feiyu.
I see my roommates, I'm going.
...the difference is pretty big.
How is Xiao Lu doing?
Xiao Lu's power is really fierce. I think we'll definitely win.
Most definitely.
Good pass!
Fanzhou, didn't you say you weren't coming?
Why did you suddenly message me you were coming?
I'm here to be your team doctor.
Didn't you reject me? I was ready to do it myself.
- Then I'm leaving.
- Don't.
You came here at the perfect time. It's all in your hands now.
The medical box.
You guys are so loud. Watch the tournament. Good luck!
Good luck!
Good pass! Make her use her backhand!
Great. Good pass!
[The Fifth Inter-school Badminton League]
[Southern University 10, Southern Sports University 8]
Xiao Dai!
Your racket is broken.
Southern Sports University's Li Xiaofeng is looking impatient. You can see him calling for Dai Feiyu. He's probably giving her some guidance.
Try hitting it towards the back.
Xie Yixing is also using the time to guide Zhu Lu. Let us anticipate...
Don't worry. Focus on her wrist movements.
She might hit towards the back. Just block it.
Okay.
Good luck.
How is it?
This star athlete gave her powerful guidance. I won't be wrong.
With the guidance of star players, Zhu Lu and Dai Feiyu are displaying great passes.
A school competition gave off a professional feeling.
Zhu Lu was too powerful and injured her foot when trying to catch the birdie.
What happened to Xiao Lu?
Is she okay?
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
She slipped.
What if she injured her foot?
What are you doing?
Don't ask.
Put me down.
I still have to compete.
You're already like this, how are you going to keep playing?
We can't lose this because of me.
Who said we'll lose? I'll win for you.
Looks like Southern University will need a substitute to complete the tournament.
He carried her like a princess in front of everyone.
When can Fang Wei do this? Forget it. He hugs his textbooks more intimately than me.
Enough talk. Let's go check on Xiao Lu.
Gently. She has delicate skin.
Xie Yixing, shut up.
I'm worried about you. Look at him!
He's so rough. He doesn't even understand how to show pity and love for women.
You want to do it?
I can't.
Don't worry. It's almost done.
Women's Singles Match ends.
Southern Sports University narrowly wins Southern University with a score of two to one.
- Looks like Women's Singles lost.
-  Let's begin with Mixed Doubles.
Xiao Lu, I'm not blaming you. There are still mixed doubles.
You're injured. You need to rest.
I'm going to check on the situation for mixed doubles inside.
Don't worry.
- Okay, I'm done.
- Thank you
Be careful. Slow down.
After a fierce mixed doubles match, Southern University is the winner.
After a short break, we'll be starting the Men's Singles.
The scores are currently tied, with each team having one point. This next round will be the deciding factor.
That's great.
How did it go? Did we win?
We won the mixed doubles match. We still have hope. Go find a seat.
Quick, let's go.
Zhou Xiao.
Sit here.
Okay.
Southern University's Chen Yu and Southern Sports University's Li Xiaofeng are entering the court.
The Men's Singles match will begin shortly.
Chen Yu, you can do this!
You guys can just think about where to go later for our celebration dinner.
Xie Yixing is replacing Chen Yu for this match.
After two years, Xie Yixing is playing against Li Xiaofeng once again.
Look at the audience's ecstatic reactions.
Now let's focus our attention on this match.
I thought you were too scared of losing against me to enter the court.
If you want to play, then just play. Stop with all the nonsense.
Xie Yixing, who won the youth championship
hasn't completely recovered from his shoulder injury, but he has adjusted himself immediately.
Jump kill. Nice shot.
Xie Yixing is showing remarkable improvements and is handling every pass very steadily.
And the crucial point is that he is displaying all of his abilities,
so that he can catch his opponent Li Xiaofeng off guard.
An offensive player who doesn't make any mistakes. Moreover, this entire match is a breeze for him.
The score in front of our eyes is changing rapidly. The current score is 1 vs. 1.
Great shot!
The match is now entering its most intense stage.
[Southern University 7, Southern Sports University 6]
Take that!
[Southern University 20, Southern Sports University  16]
A great hit from Xie Yixing. Nice shot. Victory has been decided with one shot.
The winner of Men's Singles is Southern University.
From the results of the three rounds, the final champion of the Inter-school Badminton League is Southern University!
Congratulations to Southern University and their Badminton Club!
You've worked hard.
I initially wanted to look after you properly,
but I couldn't win against my weakness for the charms of a beautiful woman.
Xie Yixing.
What are you doing here? This is the men's changing rooms.
Are you here to see my muscles?
Who wants to look at you?
Then, what are you doing here?
I'm here to return your clothes.
Thank you.
There's no need to be polite.
Is your shoulder okay?
It's fine. Athletes are all like this.
Are you sure?
Of course. I can even carry you like a princess if you want.
- Do you want me to show you?
- I don't want to be bothered by you. I'm leaving.
Xiao Lu, my muscles aren't in their best condition today.
Next time, when they're in a better condition, I'll invite you again.
Your arm is injured. I'll have a look at it.
It's dislocated. Bear with me for a bit.
Are you studying medicine?
Yes, I'm studying Forensic Science.
Forensic Science? You're studying Forensic Science and yet you're here as a doctor trying to s—
trying to save someone? Let go of me.
Hey, I heard everything you said!
Since when can't a Forensic Scientist save someone?
Have you never heard the phrase "If you can speak for the dead, you can defend the rights of the living"?
You seem like the type that won't understand even after listening and won't ask if you don't understand.
I'll show you some mercy and just tell you.
It means that returning the truth to the dead can also be a type of relief for the living.
Do you understand now? If you don't, go search it up when you get home.
Are you crazy? Where did you, a crazy woman, even come from? Believe me or not, I'll—
Believe what?
It hurts. I'm fine.
Let's go.
Wait a minute, let me get Xiao Lu's bag.
His shoulder...
It's back to normal.
Wow, so amazing.
Take a step towards chasing your dreams.
Beneath your feet is a complicated road; a thorny forest.
The step forward has a high and dangerous peak and rapid waters.
Wrong, as a cosplayer, we have to reach 100%.
99% doesn't count as being a cosplayer.
Slowly hit it.
Don't tense your shoulders.
Don't shrug.
Very good. Keep going.
Flatten your wrist. Steadily.
Xiao Lu and Cai Yasi both aren't picking up.
It's not easy to hold a meeting for the Detective Club. None of them came.
Looks like my detective club has no successors.
If I knew earlier no one was coming, I wouldn't have come either.
There's no use in glaring at me. With our talents, we can only eat chips as a performance for the school anniversary.
Why don't you have any talents? Having you as a member is useless.
Without me, you won't even have someone to space out with you right now.
Besides, at least I came.
Why don't you insult those who didn't show up?
Let me explain it to you. Cai Yasi needs to prepare for his speech,
and Xiao Lu's badminton club might still be brainstorming, too.
And there's just Zhao Fanzhou left.
Zhao Fanzhou!
Savior.
Does anyone else have any suggestions regarding this year's school anniversary event?
This time the anniversary event is large-scaled.
Leaving it to only us few Student Association members, it might be less capable than desired.
How about letting some clubs not perform and have them be volunteers?
How's that?
We can discuss this in detail.
But if there are too many volunteers, wouldn't it get messy?
Are you not coming to the club activity?
We can't think of any ideas for the school anniversary performance.
Our club is going to fall apart.
Does anyone have any other thoughts about Chen Yu's suggestion?
If not, then the clubs who don't want to perform
can participate as volunteers for the event.
But didn't you say to discuss it in detail?
The more the better. Isn't it better to have more helpers?
473, 474, 475,
- 476, 477, 478,
- Look at this.
- 479, 480!
- Send it to me.
481, 482, 483,
484, 485,
- 486.
- How many?
487, 488, 489,
- 489?
- 490, 491,
- 492, 493, 494,
- How many can he do?
- Say it out loud.
- 495,
496, 497,
498, 499, 500.
[Zhou Xiao]
Hello, Zhou Xiao? I was practicing earlier and didn't hear your call. Why did you call so many times?
Xiao Lu, did your badminton club find something to perform?
509, 510,
Bouncing the birdie.
513. 514.
Xie Yixing said he wants to
challenge the Guinness record for bouncing a birdie solo at the show.
Guinness record? How many can he do?
I also want to know.
Okay then. Bye-bye.
Do you think...
it's reasonable to bounce the birdie in the air for a whole day for the school's anniversary?
It's reasonable. I'm not going on stage. I'll be bouncing it by myself on the side.
I know this badminton star's radiance might affect the performers on stage.
But don't worry. I will try my best to keep a low-profile.
Do you think this behavior has any significance?
Yes.
Breaking the Guinness record on the school's anniversary
is very significant.
- Do you guys agree?
- Yes!
Exactly.
Okay. Suit yourself.
I'll wait until the president gets back and make a decision.
There's no other way. Looks like this badminton star
will have to pull out his trump card.
Thank you to the members for their long-lasting accompaniment. Thank you to the seniors for their help.
Thank you to the professor for his care and guidance. My speech is done. Thank you, everyone.
Yasi, you worked hard. Take a seat.
Your speech is important for the restructure of the ACM team members in training.
I think you could be more professional.
Talk about how programming will help with advancing humanity.
Also, can you talk more academically?
Do you have glasses? It'll be better if you push up your glasses in between.
Professor, I already corrected it three times.
Me going up and talking has already been five times.
This is called being cautious. Let me see it.
The middle part of this is actually not bad. You can move it ahead.
Let me take a look and think about this.
The last part...
[Zhou Xiao: How is your speech? Are you done with it? Come over once it's done.]
This part is much better. You should have said it just now.
Professor, something came up. I have to go.
Send it to me when you're done editing it.
I've already thought about it!
Look, look!
It's coming out, right?
Wait! Is it alive?
What are you two yelling about?
I thought we were here to discuss our performance for the school anniversary. Why are you watching a movie?
She said there was also a school anniversary in this movie, and we could look for inspiration.
Isn't this a horror movie? The school anniversary is not Halloween.
Then you give us some ideas.
I don't know either.
Then, why did you come here?
Three heads are better than one.
(T/N: lit. three ignorant cobblers add up to a genius)
All right. Tell us.
You could read a poem.
"Southern University, you've been struggling ahead despite the wind and rain for a hundred years."
Even elementary students won't perform that now.
What about crosstalk? You and Tao Ling can perform one.
You guys already sound like you're doing crosstalk when you guys talk. You'll definitely be able to pull it off.
Hello? Have you seen such a pretty crosstalk performer?
For Fang Wei's sake, I'm not going to refute back.
Calm down. Calm down.
I knew we couldn't count on you.
Singing and dancing? Beat box?
Dragon or lion dance? What do you think?
You can also do backflips. Give me some reaction!
♪ I can smile forever and be your supporting role ♪
♪ I can not ask about feelings and continue doing good things for love  ♪
- Not bad.
♪ I can watch your arrogance with a cool detachment ♪
You're back from your meeting?
Xie Yixing, why did you stop?
I'm tying my shoelaces.
Do you want to learn? It's really easy.
I think... you should teach Xiao Lu first.
I don't need to.
Here. I'll teach you.
- I really don't need it.
- It's fine. I'll teach you.
- Take it.
- I really don't need it.
I didn't use strength.
- It hurts.
- Then...
It hurts so badly.
I'm joking. Handsome boys aren't afraid of getting hurt. I'll teach you.
Let go.
I'm not going to.
Let go. What are you doing?
It's not like we didn't do this before. Why are you being shy?
Shut up. Go away.
- Do you want to try?
- Okay.
This is the letter of undertaking regarding the safety of the venue.
This is the list of confirmed guests.
That's all. If I need confirmation on anything else then I'll look for you.
Okay. I still have something to do so I'll get going.
Fanzhou, I will organize and give you the information from today's meeting.
I'll also help you organize the volunteer list Senior Chen Yu talked about.
Okay. You've worked hard.
I just thought about it. Regarding the volunteers,
even though it's complicated, but if we have a clear division of labor
then it could help us a lot.
Okay. Then I'll list a detailed division of labor tasks.
Let me do it. I've already thought about it.
I was going to volunteer to do it just now.
Can you handle it? Don't you also have to prepare to MC the show?
I can do it.
I'll leave it to you then. I'll get going.
Bye-bye.
I will try my best and prove to you that I'm the one who has the right
to stand next to you.
Your other club member is here.
You're finally here.
Have you come up with a performance for the school anniversary?
Not yet. I almost scratched all my hair off.
Then go as a volunteer for the Student Association, you don't need to perform.
- Really?
- We just had a meeting and made the decision.
I can finally watch the movie in peace.
Do you hear that? We're about to watch the movie so please leave.
She doesn't have time to watch a movie.
Why?
Did you forget we need to work overtime at the library?
That's right.
You two take your time watching.
- Wait a second.
- I'm going to work hard for my life.
Wait a second!
Interesting. So interesting.
How is it interesting?
I'm not gloating. Are you still not going to admit I was right from the start?
As an old classmate, I'll advise you again.
When the flower blooms, pluck it. Or else, you'll only get a branch when the flower is gone.
(T/N: Idiom - Catch your chance before it's gone)
If Zhou Xiao really gets taken by someone else, all you have left is to cry.
You gave me a whole idiom.
Of course. I'm part of the Chinese Department.
Why aren't you putting it on?
Wait until the glue is half dry,  fill the seam, then smear again.
Oh.
Did you learn it?
Pretty much.
Then give it a try.
Okay.
I'll do this one.
This belongs in the Precious Literature Room.
Someone got it wrong. We can't fix this.
Precious Literature Room?
Where is it?
Go down over there to the level below.
I'll go and bring it back to them.
It's so quiet here.
It's the Precious Literature Room. Let's go in.
You can only enter the Precious Literature Room if you request it.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
You ran so fast. I didn't have time to say it.
Is it that mysterious?
How about we use our position and secretly go in?
We can't.
Professor Huang.
Zhao Fanzhou, you came just in time.
[Preview]
Zhou Xiao! What are you guys doing?
I think you're quite devoted to Zhao Fanzhou.
What about Cai Yasi?
Zhou Xiao, I like you.
♫ Sunlight spilled into the wind’s embrace ♫
♫ There’s a bit of sweet air blowing our way ♫
♫ Ever since the day I first met you ♫
♫ I realized only a frame with you in it can be called a scenery ♫
♫ Silently experience all your feelings ♫
♫ Perhaps taking a step back will let me get closer ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ You will also have a love that belongs solely to you ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where the future’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and support you to the end ♫
♫ I’ll be happy if you are happy ♫
♫ I have him tolerating my willfulness ♫
♫ Thank you for giving me a pure friendship ♫
♫ I will also have a love that belongs solely to me ♫
♫ I’m so fortunate to have you in my youth ♫
♫ Only then will there be happy moments worthy
to be remembered ♫
♫ No matter where tomorrow’s you will go ♫
♫ I will always accompany and protect you to the end ♫